There's an old man called Mississippi, That's the old man I don't like to be.
What does he care if the world's got troubles? What does he care if the land ain't free?
That old man river, that old man river, He must know something, but don't say nothing,
He just keeps rolling, he keeps on rolling along.
He don't plant taters, he don't plant cotton, Them that plant them is soon forgotten,
But old man river, it just keeps rolling along.
You and me, we sweat and strain, Body all aching and wracked with pain,
Toat that barge and lift that bale, You show a little grit and you land in jail.
But I keep laughing instead of crying, I must keep fighting until I'm dying,
And old man river, it just keeps rolling along.